let us see call by address I have a same program that is for swapping two numbers and already we have
seen that in call by value values will not be swapped.
So here for call by address I should pass address of these actual parameters actual values are x and y.
So I will send addresses.
Now I got the message that there is no matching function.
So here I must write down pointers.
So these are pointers A and B are pointers and these are pointers so I should derefer them by using asterisks
so this is the change in the syntax.
Now here after swapping the values if I display the values the values will be swapped .
So here I am displaying the values and also endl.
let us run this program and see.
See here I'm passing x and y values by address.
And these are the pointers which will directly modify these x and y values so these x and y values will
be swapped when I display I'll get 20, 10.
So here I got the values that is 20 and 10 these two values are displayed here.
So that's it this is call by address where the formal parameters are pointers and the formal parameters
can indirectly modify the actual parameters.
Now next let us look at.
Call by reference so in  call by reference.
I'll just modify the same code.
See how simple call by references.
I will remove this &s and here
I will remove pointers and I will make them as references.
Then here I don't have to write astricks so they are removed, nos these
A and B will be refering to this x and y.
So I'll show you here by displaying addresses of a and b.
&a.
That is address of a then &B.
And here before displaying their values I will display address of x and y, &X and &y.
You can see that the addresses of x and y and here A and B will be same because these A and B are nothing
but X and Y only see this is the address of a and b and address of x and y.
Y address and the B value are same.
And here the value of a and x is same so their addresses are same.
So it means it's the same variable so it's not creating any other variable separately.
A refers to the same thing.
So what happens here is though we have written it as a function but it will not be called like a function.
This my machine code of the swap function will be pasted at this place.
I will program it  as a function only but the machine code that we get will not
be having two different modules.
It will be having a single code, the machine code that we will get will not be having two pieces
of a function.
There will be a single piece of function.
So finally you can say that call by value should be used when you don't want the function to modify
anything just it has to compute and return the result. call by address you can use when you want the function
to modify actual parameters and call by reference is also used for same purpose but it can be used only
for simple functions.
If inside this call reference function I'll just write something here and show you integer I have zero
i.e. less than ten and I plus plus.
Then I will just write something here, cout I.
If I write any complex code like this loops or something this function will no longer be using call
by reference.
It may become call by address automatically compilers will change it.
So therefore we should not write any complex code inside the functions which are using call by reference.
So that's all about parameter passing methods.